life is like the video game trying hard
to beat the stage all I am still
collecting coins up up down down left
right left right ba select start hello
friends is Dante here and today we are
playing as a revelation stew and this is
episode for the run this is the last
piece of episode of this series and we
are in chapter 1 of episode 4 here we
have to have run this time out this time
is ticking and we have to survive you
have to run from it oh shit I just place
this box wrong way okay so we have to
finish this up soon we have to reach
clear and Marya
get your lazy butt down fast quick
so as you can see the graphics looks
really fantastic and I love the old lady
suits really glad that 2.3 volume etches
out and I can play this game I smoothly
without legs without shadow games now
it's game runs really fantastic i love
this game this is becomes one of my
favorite Resident Evil game in the
series I was religious points in
Resident Evil 5 I don't know why people
like a resin to the fight it was not
that good fix was okay but this one is
really fantastic Revolution was good in
relation to hit the nail it said all the
things good story really good gameplay
so here we are we have to open the cage
so layer will pass out so there's that
concha not now
shit ok
okay i got it to open the cage so she
can jump over it and come here let's
open the gate okay oh shit you don't
have to smash it
oh where is that even gone sometimes but
now so I will open in clever young so
let's move forward in the game
now skip the video in okay here we are
we have to run some invisible monsters
also here so are we have to be careful
because I have
smoke bomb I wish alone yes I hit it
without any using a smoke bomb I know
where is it cosa I would be dying and
this is quite much so I know the
position of the monster one is gonna be
here sit very funny ok i will throw the
bomb shit with my bum gone que bien here
you go motherfucker ok now time is
ticking and we just almost reached in
almost minister episode 4 chapter one
why has gotta be struck here flavel
yes see mara will be stuck here and
player will be run from here so she have
no options cuz now I starts under the
stones and it's
shit I can't eat dear what I do 26
seconds in which you die there I'm gonna
get some dicks out of this world
so I hope you liked the video this is
the end of chapter 10 babysit for you
subscribe thanks for watching do share
the video also if you like
you